Misra fix or suppress remaining violations (#529)
FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP: MISRA.md

       order of execution, some variables have file scope definitions rather
       than function scope.

#### Rule 8.13
_Ref 8.13.1_

- MISRA C-2012 Rule 8.13 Parameter passed is never used, should be declared as

>     const. This is a preefined API by the FreeRTOS-kernel function xTaskCreate,
>     and it depends on the user if they want to use that parameter, making it
>     const would break the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const.  The argument passed to the `prvIPTask` function is left unused which is
    considered as the variable not being used and thus warranting the use of `const`.
    However, the FreeRTOS-kernel function `xTaskCreate` expects a function signature
    of type `void vSomeFunction( void * pvArgs )`. To satisfy that requirement, the
    function signature of `prvIPTask` does not have a `const` qualifier in the
    parameter signature.
```

       order of execution, some variables have file scope definitions rather
       than function scope.

#### Rule 8.13
_Ref 8.13.1_

> - MISRA C-2012 Rule 8.13 Parameter passed is never used, should be declared as

Reviewer 2: This should be re-worded to be more generic. Something like:

MISRA C-2012 Rule 8.13 encourages the use of const-qualified types whenever possible. However, the FreeRTOS API requires that all task entry functions conform to the same function signature (TaskFunction_t) which includes a single void * pointer argument. Due to this restriction, it is not possible to use a const qualifier for the entry point function to any FreeRTOS task.

Reviewer: I think it was fixed with this commit: https://github.com/FreeRTOS/FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP/pull/529/commits/81e90d8ac5bf905159c46b0675b957876336c182

Reviewer 2: IMO: It's too specific to the particular instance. We're likely to run into this exact violation quite frequently.

Author: it is ok to be specific might be even desirable, we do support multiple References for specific cases

    const.  The argument passed to the `prvIPTask` function is left unused which is
    considered as the variable not being used and thus warranting the use of `const`.
    However, the FreeRTOS-kernel function `xTaskCreate` expects a function signature
    of type `void vSomeFunction( void * pvArgs )`. To satisfy that requirement, the
    function signature of `prvIPTask` does not have a `const` qualifier in the
    parameter signature.

#### Rule 10.5
_Ref 10.5.1_

- MISRA C-2012 Rule 10.5 Converting from an unsigned to an enum type. The
    operation is safe to perform in that case, as we are using a generic API
    to send and receive data, in that case the exact data sent it is received

#### Rule 11.1
_Ref 11.1.1_

> - MISRA C-2012 Rule 11.1 Converting from a void pointer to a function pointer,
>     it is part of the API and the user is responsible of providing that pointer
>     and their responsibility for that pointer to be valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MISRA C-2012 Rule 11.1 Converting from a void pointer to a function pointer.
   The `FreeRTOS_setsockopt` API allows users to configure sockets by setting
   various options. In order to do so, the function must accept one parameter
   which, based on the option value, can be casted to the corresponding socket
   field. To that end, that parameter is of `void *` type to accommodate all values.
   The caller of the API is responsible for providing correct function pointer to the
   API. Thus, this violation can be safely suppressed.
```

    However, the FreeRTOS-kernel function `xTaskCreate` expects a function signature
    of type `void vSomeFunction( void * pvArgs )`. To satisfy that requirement, the
    function signature of `prvIPTask` does not have a `const` qualifier in the
    parameter signature.

#### Rule 10.5
_Ref 10.5.1_

- MISRA C-2012 Rule 10.5 Converting from an unsigned to an enum type. The
    operation is safe to perform in that case, as we are using a generic API
    to send and receive data, in that case the exact data sent it is received

#### Rule 11.1
_Ref 11.1.1_

- MISRA C-2012 Rule 11.1 Converting from a void pointer to a function pointer.
   The `FreeRTOS_setsockopt` API allows users to configure sockets by setting
   various options. In order to do so, the function must accept one parameter
   which, based on the option value, can be casted to the corresponding socket
   field. To that end, that parameter is of `void *` type to accommodate all values.
   The caller of the API is responsible for providing correct function pointer to the
   API. Thus, this violation can be safely suppressed.

#### Rule 11.3
_Ref 11.3.1_

> 

Reviewer 2: What about for 64-bit targets that do not allow 32-bit aligned access?

Author: We currently do not support any hardware with that feature/drawback the only 64 bit we currently support is RiscV and they do support unaligned access (if i am not mistaken)
when we support more 64bit hardware we will have to add code to cover that case.

Reviewer 2: The Cortex-A53 is only strict about alignment when configured such in the SCTLR. It's pretty common to configure it to allow unaligned access.

In contrast, a Cortex-M0 (ARMv6-M) will always fail unaligned accesses.. but is 4-byte aligned.

SPARC and MIPS are both example of a 64bit architectures that do not support unaligned access... So de-referencing a 32-bit aligned pointer as a 64bit type could cause a fault at runtime.

In the case of FR+TCP, we're unlikely to run into this problem in particular.

        have a secondary child socket thereby limiting the number of recursive
        calls to one.

#### Rule 20.5
_Ref 20.5.1_

> - MISRA C-2012 Rule 20.5 warns against the use of #undef
>         However, in this case, it must be used to make sure some macros are
>         defined to a certain value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MISRA C-2012 Rule 20.5 warns against the use of #undef.
   FreeRTOS-Plus-TCP allows its users to set some configuration macros
   to modify the behavior/performance of the library according to their
   needs. However, the macros values must be within certain bounds.
   To achieve that, if the macro values lie outside of the bounds, they
   are undefined using `#undef` before being redefined to a proper
   value.
```

#### Rule 20.10
_Ref 20.10.1_

- MISRA C-2012 Rule 20.10 warns against the use of ## concatination operator.
        However, in this case, it must be used to support compile time
        assertions in case the preprocessor does not suppport sizeof. This
        operation (assert) has no runtime execution.

#### Rule 21.6
_Ref 21.6.1_

> - MISRA C-2012 Rule 21.6 warns about the use of standard library input/output

Reviewer 2: This justification should mention how we prevent misuse of printf-style functions. Mentioning "-Wformat-security" and/or specific Wformat options that are used when building unit tests would be helpful here.
